---
title: "2025"
description: "Let's see where we're going."
pubDate: "Jan 11 2025"
---

Truthfully I haven't succeeded with my goal of trying to blog again last October. I don't know. I guess I never took it seriously and never put aside real, serious time to it. But I'm hoping it will change this year. I tweeted that I wanted to yap more this year. And besides twitter, I think this space could be good for that purpose.

Speaking about what I want this year, my goal remains the same as last year: get rich or die trying. That has been my goal since 2022. I haven't reached it, but I made some real progress in 2023. In 2024, not so much, but I think 2024 is the year where I lay the foundation for a big jump this year.

Ok, but before that, why getting rich? Seems like a shallow goal for a lot of people. I want to be rich because I don't want to worry about money. I want to focus on doing things that I value the most. I want to be useful for people close to me and society. Those are easier to do when money is not an issue. Also getting rich just seems like an obvious goal in this game of life.

But I saw people who got rich saying that they feel empty after reaching a level of wealth where you don't need to work until you die. Or that having a million dollars doesn't make you instantly always happy. I can see that. Although I am no where near a million dollars, I have had a pretty large amount of money before, at least for my standard as people coming from a poor area of a poor country. It helped relief problems, yes, but other problems aren't solvable by money alone.

Having said that, I want to reach that goal first. Let's figure out other things when we have that millions.
